Welcome, in this video, we're going to be poking around the commits
and looking at our history for our GitHub repository.
I'm currently logged into GitHub, and I'm on the "website" GitHub repository.
We've made several changes to our repository, which has resulted in "11 commits".
If I click on the commits tab, it brings up our commit history.
So, if we scroll back, you can see that they're grouped by date.
So, the current date of the recording is August 22nd,
so these commits are grouped together.
There were commits yesterday, which is as far as it goes back.
On this listing of commits, I have access to the SHA-1 id of the commit itself,
which I can copy to the clipboard if I need it for something later;
an option to go to the details for this specific commit,
again, this is the abbreviated SHA-1 for this commit id;
and, I have the option to browse the repository as of this point in the commit history.